TINY-6683: Sink now only resizes if contained in the body or shadowroot. (#6264)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/changelog.txt

Version 5.6.1 (TBD)
    Fixed an issue where copying and pasting table columns resulted in invalid HTML when using colgroups #TINY-6684

>     Fixed an issue where the toolbars would size improperly for an inline editor in some situations #TINY-6683

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Fixed an issue where the toolbars would render with the wrong size dimensions for inline editors in some situations #TINY-6683
```
?

>     Fixed an issue where the toolbars would render with the wrong size dimensions for inline editors in some situations #TINY-6683

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Fixed an issue where the toolbars would render with the wrong width for inline editors in some situations #TINY-6683
```
